Add alt text for episodes 3-7 (#38)
datacarpentry/astronomy-python: _episodes/04-select.md

~~~
{: .output}
 

> ![Proper motion of stars in GD-1, showing selected region as blue box and stars within selection as green points.](../fig/04-select_files/04-select_14_0.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Scatter plot of proper motion in the GD-1 frame with the proper motion selection rectangle plotted as a blue box and the proper motion of the stars selected to be inside the rectangle plotted as green points showing that we are selecting the correct points.](../fig/04-select_files/04-select_14_0.png)
```

~~~
{: .output}
  

> ![Proper motion in ICRS frame, showing selected stars are more spread out in this frame.](../fig/04-select_files/04-select_16_0.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Scatter plot of proper motion in the ICRS frame with the proper motion selected stars plotted as green points showing that the region is no longer rectangular in the ICRS frame.](../fig/04-select_files/04-select_16_0.png)
```

~~~
{: .output}
    

> ![Proper motion in ICRS, with convex hull shown as blue boundary and selected stars as green points.](../fig/04-select_files/04-select_29_0.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Scatter plot of proper motion in the ICRS frame with the proper motion selected stars plotted as green points and the convex hull as a blue boundary, showing that the convex hull outlines the selected stars.](../fig/04-select_files/04-select_29_0.png)
```

~~~
{: .output}
    

> ![Scatter plot of right ascension and declination of selected stars in ICRS frame.](../fig/04-select_files/04-select_66_0.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Scatter plot of right ascension and declination of selected stars in ICRS frame showing that the selected region is not rectangular as that the overdensity of stars in GD-1 is visible with our selection.](../fig/04-select_files/04-select_66_0.png)
```

~~~
{: .output}
  

> ![Scatter plot of phi1 versus phi2 in GD-1 frame after selecting on proper motion.](../fig/04-select_files/04-select_72_0.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Scatter plot of phi1 and phi2 of selected stars in the GD-1 frame showing that the selected region is rectangular in this reference frame and that the overdensity of stars in GD-1 is visible with our selection.](../fig/04-select_files/04-select_72_0.png)
```
